and 18 fences this time the first
offense they jump with the number 13 in
the national and they're running and
Ross Poldark and Yalu at or those well
aware and P splash and smiling Sam
towards the very far side
he's Claire smiling Sam Ross Poldark
we're juror right up there with them and
fall of sir Martin's town as a follower
at that one
Flagstaff has gone a dead also and
reliable Robert is gone of the first as
well coming down to the second now and
there it was Freddy B who landed in the
lead Freddy B with Ross Poldark and
right up there with them piece clash
then over on the far side smiling Sam as
they come down to the chair now Freddy B
on the near side Ross Poldark in a
center piece clash city boy Justin
behind the leaders wise lady jumped at
last coming down to the water
he splash on the far side but on the
near side the leader Freddy B Freddy B
lands in the lead from this version at
Ross Poldark then come smiling salmon
staccato behind their breath dear Ellen
city boy behind city boy and going
strongly as premier made in comes early
oddity on the outside
and behind them come lone soldier and
golden tie running down now towards the
milling road Freddie be in the lead from
Ross Poldark and beast - and staccato
going up on the outside then heliography
and with Fuhrer and smiling some on the
inner and then city boy and over to John
hammer and Freddie B leads as they go to
the fifth with Ross Poldark in second
place piece clashes sad the leader just
coming to this fence which will be the
first in the National tomorrow
Freddie be over in the lead from Ross
Poldark priests clash staccato then
abuse your Oh smiling Sam towards the
inside elio Gertie right up there on the
outer and this is fence number six
Freddie be over clear of P splash then
Ross Poldark le artistic our debut Shira
city boy creeping up on the other coming
to the open ditch the seventh fence and
Freddie be over tear of peace clash and
Ross Poldark is gone at that moment
Sarah's early August
and going to the next at Freddie be
clear for peace - city boy
and over to two nipples Freddie be well
care of his field now 10:15 main skill
from T's fashions to Carter then gap
behind that back the city boy as Selena
jumps the one before Beecher's Brook and
Oberon Freddie B P spash staccato
city boy on the inside then smiling Sam
golden ties doe with the leaders and
also just finders his premiere my a
Selena comes to Beatrice bro and over
Beecher's well clear Freddie V and he
clears it twenty Ling's beer from T
splashed over in second place in thirds
to Garden City foreign golden ty golden
time mystique and smiling Sam made a
mistake wise lady is down at the back of
the field and yellow has refused as they
clear the one before the canal turn and
the clear clear leader is Freddie B by
twenty links in peace clash and city boy
then goat and Ty whose riders lost his
arms by that istikhara and Privia my
then wish gyro as the leader please the
canal turnover in second his piece
passion city boy a sir then go time
premier my and staccato behind that
worst euro and loan so to wangle Miller
and smiling sound Sunita dear sir
Valentine's and over in second his peace
patch the leader in fact coming to the
one after Valentine's now a still
Freddie be twenty legs appear frumpy
splash over and second in third is city
boy behind that is golden tie and
premier my staccato lone soldier and
wished you as we rejoined John hammer
neither Freddie be at the last edge for
from home he jumps a while and he's a
long way clear of peace fashion city boy
you are making no impression they jump
it alright and another big gap after
them to gold and tie and premier may and
the leader now at the third last over
welfare piece clash in second place city
boy is third and they are over it all
right and a lot GABA after them and I
hope movers are headed by golden tiger
Shiro and
and lone soldier making a bit of ground
and then staccato but the leader the
Melek Wade Freddie be going to the
second last and over to pedro Sullivan
yes pretty be a long way clear city boy
making little brown on inside of peace
class then looking further back lone
soldier in fourth
then comes quest hero and then golden ty
but Freddy B and Tom Grantham still a
long way clear the races towards the
second lost in the re re a bot fox
hunters chase Freddy B from and
city-by-city by making quite good ground
Oh Freddy B from city boy these clash
with incomes lunch oke soldier still
making ground over these second boss
pretty far city boy peas class lone
soldier comes and falls coming to the
final chance now Freddy be impressed by
city boy on the inside city boy coming
to take advantage of the lost city boy
the longtime leader of the raising up to
water line and city boy are you suckers
chase
city boy is the winner second is P
Square and just getting up for third his
golden tired riders lost his arms Falls
was pretty me fifth and six brush zero
lone soldier and behind them came
staccato and premium a
finalist Harlan salmon so the result
first number two city boy owned by mrs.
chairman train bar written by mr. Tim
Thompson James second but number ten
piece clash mr. Johnny green all trained
by Arthur Stevenson and written by
Johnny green all